---
author: "Robin"
title: "Nightlife"
date: "2021-12-17"
description: "In the night from December 17th to December 18th I got to know many interesting people. It was a very exciting and exhausting night."
tags: ["Everyday Life"]
ShowToc: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: true
---

Lately my sleeping rhythm has shifted enormously, which means that some days I don't go to sleep until 6am. This is probably because I'm a bit afraid of going to bed, because I always think that I could rather do something else instead of going to bed unproductively now. Also, I work with a person who is in a different time zone and this makes it mandatory for me to stay awake until 1am as there is often something that needs to be discussed.

So last night I decided to spend my night outside, since I had to take things away and pick them up anyway. Besides, it's good not to always sit at home in front of my computer and get the head something free.

### 10:00 PM

It went then around 22 o'clock by car to a medium-sized city, at whose station I had parked my car. I started the night with a walk through the old town to buy me something to eat. With my food I went then over the already closed Christmas market and sat down at some point on a seat, which was probably built there especially for the Christmas market. After I had eaten up, I went near the town hall to linger there a bit and listen to the small, nocturnal hustle and bustle, while I read a few things on my smartphone.

### 11:20 PM: First Acquaintance

Now it went again in the direction of the station. The night has just found its beginning, in contrast to my imaginary list with my nightly plans. For this reason, I then stood haphazardly in front of the station building and looked around a bit. Long I could not look around, because after only a few seconds I was already addressed by a woman between 60-70 years. First I could not follow the words of the woman completely, since this seemed somewhat confused and could not make clear what she wanted from me. I tried to pick up her words and to reproduce them in an orderly fashion in order to receive feedback from her as to whether I had understood her correctly. In my sentence I must have used the word "have to", which made the woman sit up and take notice. She told me not to say "have to" because you don't "have to" anything. I apologized and agreed with her that it definitely sounds better to replace the word "have to" with milder alternatives. Then the woman tried to explain herself further before interrupting herself with a murmur that seemed like a kind of soliloquy. She was apparently so offended by my use of the word "have to" that she now pointed out again that this word should not be used. I ignored this because I had already addressed the issue before and this renewed hint sounded like a pronounced inner monologue.

### 11:30 PM: Phone

Little by little, the woman was able to explain herself so that I understood roughly what I could help her with. First she told me that she had just arrived here by train and she originally comes from an area which is very poorly connected to public transport. I knew this area, because I had visited someone there from time to time. Thus we then had a small common denominator, which had done the conversation very well. After a few more sentences we came to her actual concern. It was already 11:30 p.m. and she told me that she had arranged to meet a man in front of the train station, who wanted to give her a phone, since she had lost hers in her apartment. Unfortunately, the man did not seem to come, so she wanted to call him to find out where he was. Since the woman no longer had a phone due to the loss, she asked me to call the man from my phone. This was fine with me. However, I insisted that I dial the number and then hold the phone out to her. At the time, I was kind of worried that the woman would steal my phone. In hindsight, completely unnecessary thoughts, since the woman was a bit older and couldn't get away from me anyway. Unfortunately, the man didn't answer his phone and the woman spoke on his answering machine. She asked me whether I would wait here also longer at the station, since the man could call back then perhaps over my telephone. I affirmed this. Then the woman interjected that she could perhaps still call a friend from the Netherlands over my phone. I would only have to let it ring 2-3x and then her friend would call me back so that there would be no costs for me. Since I had nothing to do anyway, I did the woman also this favor. So now I held out the phone with loudspeaker to her again and she talked with her Dutch friend about God and the world. Somehow it was not possible for me to follow the conversation, because I did not understand much, although the woman had spoken the whole time in German. I then assumed that the friend also spoke German, just with a dialect and over a mediocre telephone connection. I was amazed that the woman had understood every word, because I understood nothing, no matter how hard I tried. In the course of the night, it turned out that the woman spoke German, but the friend had always answered in Dutch. I then found that kind of cool and it also explained why I understood nothing - it was not because of the connection quality of the phone!

### 11:50 PM: Taxigate

While I held out the phone to her, I looked around to see what else was happening at the station. Then an action of a taxi driver caught my eye. The taxi driver had been reading several A4 sheets at the taxi stand and suddenly threw several of these sheets inconspicuously out of his window. I continued to observe what was happening at the taxi stand for a few minutes, until at some point I told the woman that she could now hold the phone herself. So I gave the woman my phone and then went over to the A4 sheets, which the taxi driver had thrown on the ground. The cars had already moved up, which meant that the sheets were now next to another taxi. I picked up the sheets from the ground and was directly approached by the taxi driver next to whom the sheets were lying. He made it clear to me with short words and a gesture that this was the trash from the driver in front of him. I knew that, of course, because I myself had seen how the driver had thrown the sheets out of his window. With the sheets in my hand I then went to his taxi and handed him the sheets, which by the way were Tipico betting tickets, through his window. "You lost this." - I said. The driver seemed very briefly surprised and thanked me. Back on the way to the woman with my phone, I turned around again and then noticed that the driver was joking with his colleague and grinning at me a bit, presumably to play down the unpleasant situation for him a bit. At the same time, the man got out and threw the sheets into the trash. The action was just uncool in the middle of the station square to throw these many A4 sheets simply out of the window.

### 00:07 AM: Gebruiker

The woman was still on the phone and had meanwhile sat down on the floor. I went back and forth and looked around further. At some point the woman asked me what time it was. I told her it was 00:07. Then she got extremely nervous because her bus is coming at 00:08 and she can probably see it standing a few meters away. She then suddenly pushed the phone with the Dutchman into my hand and told me to say goodbye to him and that she had to get to the bus quickly. She then cycled off and left me alone with the Dutchman. I did not know then what I should say and stuttered me only something with "Ok, she must now go, then I hang up, bye!" together. As an answer I got then only Dutch words thrown at the head, whereupon I hung up then.

### 00:10 AM: Dealer

Then I wanted to continue my stroll, but the woman seemed not to have gotten her bus and came back to me on her bike. She confirmed to me that she was unfortunately not in time at the bus and she now had to wait another 30 minutes. Her suggestion then was that she could continue to talk on the phone with her Dutch boyfriend. Since I still had no exact plan for the night and I like to help, I then nodded this off. We went into the station and sat down. She on the phone and me lingering. At some point I told her that I had to go to the toilet and went one floor down to the toilet facilities. Unfortunately, they had already closed the doors. Next to the door there was a ticket machine to go to the toilet, but it was probably for the disabled toilet, which was to the left of the machine. Then I suddenly heard voices, but there was no one around me. It took me a few seconds to realize that the voices were coming from the disabled toilet. Quite confused, I realized that the voices were coming from two different men. I listened more closely to perhaps be able to explain this strange situation to myself, but unfortunately I couldn't understand much. I thought that they might be dealing, but it turned out that the two were actually just in the toilet normally - just as a duo.

### 00:20 AM: Second Acquaintance

I moved away from the toilet facilities and was about to go back up the stairs when I noticed a man who didn't seem to be able to walk properly. I asked him if I could help. He only replied that he indeed could not walk properly. Then I asked him if I would support him and we would go up the escalator to the seating area so he could rest and warm up. Warm up because he told me he was hypothermic and therefore could not walk properly. So I accompanied him all the way upstairs, where the woman was again, who continued to talk on my phone. It would feel bad if I now just let the man sit, because he certainly has to go somewhere and does not want to sit there forever. For this reason I asked what his mission was now. He explained to me that he would have to go about a kilometer further away to his apartment and that he would have to call someone beforehand, but that he had no credit. For this reason I asked him to call from my phone as well, as soon as the woman is finished.

### 00:35 AM: Bye

The woman had to go then again and I accompanied her still outside. She thanked me very much for the help and then drove away with the bicycle, while she called me again in different formulations her gratitude in a loud voice from a distance. She also mentioned that if I had any more questions, I was welcome to call the Dutchman. Whatever questions I should have, I will probably not call the Dutchman again, because he only spoke Dutch. That was then somehow somewhat unpleasant, but also funny. Somehow it just fit to this planned, partly confused woman.

### 00:40 AM: Aldi

The man with the walking difficulties continued to sit in the station. I went to him and he said to me that he would now have to go to the train, which comes in 3 minutes. There I had to smile out of despair inwardly something, because that would mean that I must accompany him now supporting to the train station, which is about 200 meters away. With his speed we would never have reached the train on time. He realized this when we were already at the station entrance. He suggested that he could go home with a shopping cart as a prop. The 'Aldi' around the corner would probably have shopping carts, which are not locked at night. I didn't know how to react to the suggestion. On the one hand, I didn't want to accompany him for a whole hour across the city, but on the other hand, I didn't want to drive across the city alone with a shopping cart. And for me it wasn't an option to just leave the man sitting there and run off, I couldn't have done that. He gave me a shopping chip and I agreed to the idea with the shopping cart.

### 00:55 AM: Third Acquaintance

I accompanied him back to the seating in the station, when another person approached me. A young guy who was missing at 1 o'clock at night still 1.50 € for a kebab. While I supported the man further I asked why he did not have money for the kebab himself. Then he said that he is unemployed for health reasons and has a block at the employment office. Well... What should I say on it? On the one hand, I felt sorry for him, but I can't give money to every person who comes to me at night. Therefore, I made him then a proposal, how he can earn the 1.50 €. Since it is unpleasant to me alone with a shopping cart through the city to go, I asked the guy to come with me. The young guy then went with me on the way to 'Aldi' around the corner to get a shopping cart for the man. On the way there I asked him what kind of education he had done and if he would like to tell me about his illness, which made him unemployed. He had started an apprenticeship as a roofer, but due to his illness he ended it prematurely. He did not want to go into more detail about the illness, because he said that he had to come to terms with the fact that he now had it. He then fleetingly referred to his hands, on which open wounds could be seen, and told me that he hoped it would not go beyond his hands. Then I wished him good luck and health and we continued our way to the 'Aldi', while we talked about other things, such as what I still do at this time at the station. Arrived at the 'Aldi' we grabbed a shopping cart. The guy asked me if he could sit in the shopping cart or if I wanted to sit in it myself. I didn't want to take away his fun and said he was welcome to sit in it. And then I pushed him around town in a shopping cart in the middle of the week, at 1am. How absurd. But it was also kind of fun to experience something so absurd with a stranger. Arrived at the station I have then taken out my wallet to give him his earned 1.50 €. He then said that I could give him all my change, since it was anyway less than 2€. I replied that I was happy to do so, but I had to count out the money, as I always manage my money very carefully and have to know how much I am giving him now. He thanked me and went his way.

### 01:20 AM: Bye²

I then took the shopping cart to the waiting man and handed it to him. This was now also helped him and he can go home independently. He then asked me how I was going to get home and after a short deliberation I concealed from him that I was driving my car and just said that I was not planning to go home yet. I wanted to avoid the situation that the man asks me whether I could not drive him. I said goodbye and the man thanked me enormously credible for the opportunity to call, that I supported him and now got him the shopping cart.

### 01:30 AM: Doubts

After these experiences, I had to take a short walk to my car to catch my breath. I thought about the people I had just helped and about my behavior. It was sometimes really exhausting to help the people and to find the right words. I noticed how difficult it is for me not to help other people when they ask for it or obviously need help. Of course, you first think that it is good to help, but sometimes you get to people who only exploit you or deliberately throw themselves into life every day in need of help to count on the help of others, instead of finally getting their own lives in order. The woman said to me that she knows the man and that he is here more often. She also told me unpleasant stories about him. Then I asked myself whether he deserved the help of other people at all. I also thought the same thing about the young guy who still needed 1.50€ for his kebab. He was very nice to me, but his words also had a manipulative touch. It was funny to go with him with the shopping cart through the streets, but as soon as I had given him the money, he was gone very quickly. That was then somehow a pity, because he had then quite obviously only been so nice to me and had spent time with me to get the money.

### 01:50 AM: Calm

Happy not to have gotten a parking ticket, I got in my car and headed to a smaller town, which was about 30 minutes away. After I had picked up something there, I went to a well-known location in the town, where I stayed until about 3:00. Then I decided to go to a McDonalds to sit down with my notebook in a comfortable, warm corner. To do this, I had to drive once through the town I was in at the time. While I was driving through the streets, I let my eyes wander to see if there were other people turning night into day. However, it was actually clear to me that in this small city nobody will be on the streets at this hour.

### 03:10 AM: Fourth Acquaintance

But then, while driving, I noticed a person in the corner of my eye sitting on the ground next to a hedge in front of a house. I could only glimpse the person, because I passed it quickly with the car. But I was sure that it must have been an very old woman. The situation was not familiar to me at first, because the woman was sitting on the ground at 3 o'clock in the morning and did not even follow my car with her eyes, but only looked straight ahead. I nevertheless turned around, lowered my right side window and asked the woman if she needed help. No answer, just blank stares. I asked again, but continued to get only those looks in response. 'OK, she really needs help' - I thought to myself and got out of my car. I noticed that she was sitting involuntarily on the floor and she must have fallen - but at 3 am?! I helped her up, put her lost shoe back on and gave her her cane, which she used to stabilize herself. Now I asked again what her mission was. She answered that she had just rung the bell here at the building, but no one opened the door. As far as I understood, a former teacher of hers, who had taught her as a little girl, lived there. I was a bit confused. Of course she can visit people, but not at 3 o'clock in the morning. I told her that people don't open the door because it is the middle of the night. But she didn't understand that. She then told me that she also had to go to a funeral and that she didn't know who would be there, because all around her people were already old and dying. She then thanked me for helping her up and asked how she could ever do that well. I noticed she wanted to end the conversation with me as it was heading towards goodbye. So I told the woman that I was worried and she seemed a little confused to me. When asked where her home was, she could not give me a clear answer either. Several streets in the town were mentioned, but this was not really convincing. The woman then pointed to the other side of the street, where there was a store, which was somewhat illuminated. She said that she could go there, as they would surely have a phone to make calls. I am also pretty sure that they have a phone, but at 3 o'clock at night it will be hard to get there. Again, I tried to make her understand now a little slower that it's 3am and everyone is asleep. So in the store no one will open. Then she seemed to have understood and looked very surprised. I was about to call the police, when all of a sudden I saw light shining from the stairwell from the building to the bushes. 'Maybe someone she knows actually lives there' I thought to myself. "Wait a minute, I'll see if there's someone at the front door" - I said to the elderly woman. I went to the door and jerked it slightly, because I couldn't see anyone in the stairwell and I wanted to make myself noticed. Then I saw another woman coming towards me. She enlightened me and told me that the older woman was her mother. She had heard us talking on the street and therefore came down to finish her mother's little excursion.

### 04:30 AM: Good Night

This should then have been my last experience that night, because at McDonalds unfortunately only the Drive In was open and I could not then settle there. Sometime between 4 and 5 o'clock in the morning I was back home and went to sleep to recover from this eventful night.
